h1. EGOProcessName

Created by enormego

EGOProcessName is a PHP5 extension that allows you to change the process name of the currently running PHP process.  EGOProcessName is intended for Ubuntu/Debian systems.  If you use Linux/BSD, check out "proctitle":http://pecl.php.net/package/proctitle.

h1. Installation

Installation is fairly easy, just run these commands on your server:

@$ git clone git://github.com/enormego/EGOProcessName.git@

@$ cd EGOProcessName@

@$ phpize@

@$ ./configure@

@$ make@

@$ make install@

Then, if it's not done for you, add @extension=egoprocessname.so@ to your php.ini file.

h1. How To Use

EGOProcessName is pretty simple to use, simply install it, and then add @set_process_name('MyPHPProcess');@ to your PHP script.

h1. Questions

Feel free to contact info@enormego.com if you need any help

h1. License

EGOProcessName are available under the MIT license:

_Copyright (c) 2009 enormego_

_Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy_
_of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal_
_in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights_
_to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell_
_copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is_
_furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:_

_The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in_
_all copies or substantial portions of the Software._

_THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR_
_IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,_
_FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE_
_AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER_
_LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,_
_OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN_
_THE SOFTWARE._